Hum Longjing Tian
The dragon guard said
The appointment for our Ye family is to see Long Shuai next week
That should be us leaves
Home Decent Crowd
Ye Fan is an unmarried child
Notorious person
I don't deserve to see Long Shuai
This is what Chu Xiaoxiao said.
Since the second uncle has such a precious opportunity
Then I will do well
We will never embarrass our Ye family
Cousin, we didn't say we were going to take you there
Hey, brother, what do our family say?
Right, Grandma?
Since you called our big room and second room together
He must have wanted us to go together
Ye Huang's new family should go too
grandma
Ye Fangxin, how can he go with a cheap batch?
Why can't I go when my wife gets the opportunity?
How dare you scold my wife again?
Don't throw your hands at me, it's spicy
Thank you, Grandma.
I will cherish this opportunity.
I don't care how you got this opportunity
Since now our Ye family has the opportunity to meet Long Shuai
I naturally hope that as many people see it as possible
Then you will perform well
Get the favor of Long Shuai
Our Ye family will soar into the sky